PD-1401 / 25.04 / Pd 1401 update min io stable and enterprise articles (#3048)
truenas/documentation: static/includes/AppInstallWizardACLConfiguration.md

&NewLine;

To set up permissions, select **Enable ACL** to show the ACL and ACE Entries options.

First set the dataset permissions. Enter or browse to select the dataset path. 

Next click **Add** to the right of **ACL Entries** to show the permissions settings.

> Set **ID Type** to **Entry is for a USER**, enter the UID for either the default apps user (**473**) or the UID for a new TrueNAS MinIO app admin user if one is created.

Reviewer: I'm not understanding this.
If you mean the `apps` user on the host, the id is `568`. (and is also the default id set in the run-as option in the MinIO Enterprise)

But if you mean the minio user inside the container we should update the wording.
Stable has a default and hardcoded `473` user.
And enterprise has a default `568` but available for change.

Author: I'll update this content with this information and to clarify what UID is default for stable/community(?) apps and enterprise train apps. Also not sure if community apps will have a default user as they are submitting the yaml files so it could be anything or more likely to be a user they create on TrueNAS to be the administrator in their apps.

If setting up postgres storage volumes, the user id for these volumes is **999**.

> If there is run-as option in the wizard, the user ID is **0**, or use the default user shown in the app install wizard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is run-as option in the wizard, the user ID is the one defined in the run-as option, or use the default user shown in the app install wizard.
```
